MapSequence HMI fix (#4787)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/dev_guide/contents/tests.rst

To run the figure tests you need to be very careful, as any pixel that has changed, will change the hash.
In order to avoid changes due to different package versions, we recommend using tox::

    $ tox -e py38-figure

This will ensure that any figures created are checked using the package versions that were used to create the original figure hashes.
Running this will create a folder, "figure_test_images", within your work folder ("<local clone location>/figure_test_images"), which is ignored by git.
Inside this folder will be all the images created, as well as a json file with the hashes of the figures created by the test run.
The current hashes are located within "sunpy/tests/figure_hashes_mpl_<ver>_ft_<ver>_astropy_<ver>.json" and this will be where you will need to update old hashes or create new figure entries if anything changes.
The filenames are the versions of matplotlib, font library and astropy used.
If these versions differ to your local setup, the figure tests will not run.

If you are adding a new figure test you will need to do a few more steps::

>     $ tox -e py38-figure -- --mpl-generate-path=baseline --mpl-generate-hash-library=new_hashs.json

Author: I think this works but tox does not work for me locally at the moment.

This will create the new baseline images in a local folder called "baseline".
The images output from the tests will be stored there so you can double check the test works as you expected.

> Then you can add the new figure hash to the existing hash file.

Reviewer: isn't it just best to regenerate in place the whole hashlib?

Author: How?

To run the figure tests you need to be very careful, as any pixel that has changed, will change the hash.
In order to avoid changes due to different package versions, we recommend using tox::

    $ tox -e py38-figure

This will ensure that any figures created are checked using the package versions that were used to create the original figure hashes.
Running this will create a folder, "figure_test_images", within your work folder ("<local clone location>/figure_test_images"), which is ignored by git.
Inside this folder will be all the images created, as well as a json file with the hashes of the figures created by the test run.
The current hashes are located within "sunpy/tests/figure_hashes_mpl_<ver>_ft_<ver>_astropy_<ver>.json" and this will be where you will need to update old hashes or create new figure entries if anything changes.

> The filenames are the versions of matplotlib, font library and astropy used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filenames are the versions of matplotlib, freetype and astropy used.
```
